[singing in Japanese]
[jet engine revving]
[Nemo] Status report?
[sonar] Sir, their energy levels
are increasing
but their barrier
has not yet been raised.
Hmm. They can't attack us
if we deploy our barrier
beforehand, Captain.
Prepare for full attack.
Open all turrets,
load them with guided missiles
-and aerial depth charges.
-[Electra] Aye, aye.
[metal clanking]
[beeping]
[Electra] Send
power to all turrets.
[sonar] Target acquired.
[Electra] All
stations battle ready.
Open fire!
[gunshots]
[screaming]
-[helmsman] All right.
-[grunts]
[Gargoyle] So tenacious.
Fire the active laser beam.
[laser zaps]
[explodes]
-Fire homing laser!
-Aye!
[men groan]
-Finish them.
-[snaps fingers]
[laser zaps]
[explodes]
[men groaning]
Charge Red Noah on the double.
Aye, aye!
[grunting]
Damn their eyes,
it's their barrier.
[Gargoyle] That's right.
How long can you withstand
a barrier of one billion volts?
[electric zapping]
[explodes]
[Electra] Critical
damage on third deck.
Full power to
engines immediately.
[engine revs]
[pensive music playing]
[crowd exclaims]
Burn, New Nautilus.
Burn with Paris.
[exploding]
Look. The tower is destroyed.
That will be nothing compared
to what will happen
if that ship
goes into full attack.
[engineer] She's right.
The whole world
will look like that, worse.
[Nemo] That's
why we must stop it.
We must bring Red Noah down.
Fools. They think they can
destroy Red Noah.
How does he intend to do that?
It's no good. Red Noah's
defenses are too strong for us
to wage a frontal
attack on it, Captain.
How do we break that barrier?
If we can get the Katherine
inside,
we can disable
it from within.
But how we can get your Gratan
inside Red Noah?
Open electromagnetic barrier
and bring pressure to full.
But the barrier will only last
one minute
under those
conditions.
Never mind, we must charge
them at maximum airspeed.
Only a barrier
can defeat a barrier.
[engine revs]
[operator] Nautilus approaching
from the south at full speed.
Poor Nemo. Is he going
to kill himself out of despair?
[Electra] Our barrier is red.
Full pressure.
Now, all hands brace for impact.
Charge!
[man] The surrounding atmosphere
is turning to plasma.
[engineer] External temperature
is 60,000 degrees.
Barrier's effective time
now at 50 seconds.
[Nemo] Barrier status?
[sonar]
They're still in good shape.
Doesn't that blasted thing
have a breaking point?
Haven't they gotten through yet?
Focus the attack, Helmsman.
Getting the bow through
is enough for our purposes.
-Aye, aye!
-[cranks]
I'm sorry,
Captain. It's not working.
[Electra] Only 30
more seconds, sir.
I don't care.
-Engage over-booster!
-Aye, aye!
-[beeping]
-[whirring]
-Bah!
-[Electra] Fifteen seconds.
-We're in.
-Fire!
[laser firing]
[explodes]
Banzai!
-[sonar] The Gratan is in.
-Five more seconds.
-Withdraw, Helmsman.
-Aye, aye.
[sighs] That was close.
You should have
been in the front seat.
Go get them,
Gratan. Go get them.
[Sanson] Banzai!
[Grandis] All right, steady
as she goes. Full speed ahead.
But, Miss Grandis. We're
headed straight into a dead-end.
[Grandis] Oh, hush up.
We're taking
a little shortcut this time.
Now clear the way!
-Right.
-Right. [chuckles]
[electric zaps]
[laughs]
We're opening up new roads
as we go, Miss Granva.
[operator 1] An unknown object
has penetrated N-block.
[operator 2]
Nautilus remaining silent.
What should we do, sir?
Hmm.
Raise Babel to
the point of discharge.
[man] Sir?
Unleash the Fire of Babel
using Slave Star Lucifer.
[whirring]
Red Noah is
making a straight ascent.
Then we will follow it.
-Maintain a pursuit course.
-Aye, aye.
[revving]
[operator] Nautilus is
charting pursuit course.
The fools. Don't they know
that I'm drawing them
straight into hell?
[sonar] We've exceeded the speed
of sound, sir.
[helmsman] Retracting wings.
Oh, my goodness. Look at it.
I see the stars
even though it's still daylight.
Yes. We are
entering outer space.
We are?
[Electra] You are now in a place
no human has ever
ventured before.
That is most certain to change
in the next century, Jean.
Mankind will journey into space
using his own ingenuity.
It will be his highest goal
and achievement.
[Jean] Right.
I know it will happen.
Look at how
perfectly round the Earth is.
And I can't
believe the color blue it is.
It's absolutely perfect.
I can't believe
men continue fighting each other
in such a beautiful place.
[operator 1] Fire of Babel
ready for discharge.
[operator 2] Power transferring
to Slave Star Michael.
[woman] Thirty seconds
to discharge Fire of Babel.
[sonar] Pursuit distance
20,000 meters, sir.
We are well within firing range.
Should you command it, sir?
No, it's of no use.
Good idea, sir. We should wait
until we receive
word from the Gratan.
They should have radioed by now.
What on earth could
they be doing in there?
How could we get
lost at a time like this?
I told you before
that we should have stayed
-on the main road.
-Oh, you be quiet!
Your chatter is driving me mad!
How am I supposed to think
with all this prattle?
Now, I'll come up
with a brilliant plan.
Oh ho ho!
You know, I expected them
to attack us already.
[Sanson] They you don't care
about a tiny tank
like the Katherine.
They're not afraid of us,
the arrogant fools.
Now, my dear Nemo,
you will regret that you held us
in such low regard.
[woman] Twenty
seconds to discharge.
[operator]
Compulsory injector activated.
Hey, what's all this?
It looks like they're charging
up the Tower of Babel now!
Don't say that.
[woman] Fire of
Babel is ready to fire.
Fire of my rage,
deliver my retribution.
-What's that?
-The light of Babel.
They cannot target us
from that firing position,
can they, Captain?
They're using Lucifer.
-We must evade it.
-No! Spread our barrier.
But the damage has not
been repaired yet, Captain.
I don't care!
We can't take a direct hit.
It's up.
[explodes]
[operator 1]
Direct hit to the Nautilus.
[operator 2] Electromagnetic
shockwaves approaching.
-What in the world is that?
-Energy shockwaves, ma'am.
I see. And those are...
They are waves that were created
by the explosion of a ship.
-[Grandis] What?
-Damn! They've blown it up.
Don't say something like that if
you don't know for sure, Sanson.
But ma'am, the waves were
so strong,
it can't be anything else.
[man] It must have disintegrated
in the blast, Lord Gargoyle.
[Gargoyle] Really?
Spare me your conjecture.
[operator] View
screen back online.
[gasping]
[man 2] Inconceivable.
The ship has survived.
[Gargoyle] The great
Nautilus is still breathing.
[man 1] But how could
they withstand the blast?
[Gargoyle] They used their last
crumb of energy
to spread their barrier.
A wise move.
But this is checkmate.
Deliver the killing blow.
-[man] Understood.
-[blaring]
What's happening now, Hanson?
They're preparing to fire
the weapon again.
If that's the case...
[all] The Nautilus
has not been destroyed.
Damn it. If we take
another hit like that one,
we're finished for sure.
Can we destroy Lucifer
with our main turret?
Not yet. It's gonna take some
more time
to cool down
the furnace.
Are you saying
that there's nothing we can do?
Sorry, kid, we're
doing everything we can
just to keep this thing flying.
We've got a lot to do
and no time to do it.
Just leave it to us.
We only have one shot at this
so we better make it count.
[woman] Three
minutes until discharge.
[operator 1] Charging
procedure in progress.
[operator 2] Transferring power
to electronic accelerator.
They're preparing to open fire
on us again, sir.
They want to
deliver the final blow.
Any word from
the Gratan, first officer?
Nothing yet, Captain.
We need you, Gratan. Help us.
Are we almost
there, Miss Granva?
Right through that wall, Sanson.
All right!
Drat! The battery is low.
What do we do?
Well, ma'am,
if you can't find the doorway,
then pound down the whole
blasted wall!
[both] Huh?
Banzai!
Too easy.
All we have to do
is smash that to bits.
It won't be easy
without the laser beam.
[Grandis] Well, we don't
have time for anything else.
What can we do?
Raise the furnace
to maximum level, Electra.
But Captain.
We will use our own destruction
to bring about theirs.
Aye.
[operator] Nautilus on
intercept course.
[Gargoyle] How pitiful.
[woman] Fifty
seconds to discharge.
[operator]
Release safety mechanisms.
We are out of time.
Where are
your bright ideas now, Hanson?
Hanson!
I've got it! Let's get that!
The main connection bolt.
[woman] Thirty
seconds to discharge.
So all we have to do
is keep it from connecting.
-[Hanson] Exactly.
-How do we do that?
Well, miss, I think
we're sitting in the solution.
-Huh? Right.
[woman] Twenty
seconds to discharge.
Come on and let's see
just what a desperate man
is capable of doing.
[woman] Ten seconds.
Eight, seven, six,
five, four, three,
two, one.
[metal clangs]
What happened?
The connecting
bolt is inoperable.
Impossible.
Ha! What's the matter?
Can't fire your little gun?
Come on. Just a little longer.
-Ready to go.
-Good. Let's go.
Be right there.
Thanks, Katherine. Farewell.
Goodbye, baby.
[explodes]
Their weapon
system has been disabled.
Their barrier is offline.
Great. Charge
them at full speed.
[operator]
The Nautilus is charging us.
We'll beat them
at their own game.
Red Noah is moving again.
It looks like they're trying
to charge us too.
[helmsman]
Captain, we won't sustain it.
-Weapon systems repaired.
-Fire!
Charge!
The Nautilus
has breached the hull.
But what's he trying to do?
Move in, Helmsman.
[operator]
The Nautilus has boarded us.
[man] This can't be.
[Gargoyle] Peace,
let them board.
[man] Sir?
Red Noah will make a fine
mausoleum for the captain.
[explodes]
[sonar] We've
penetrated the main housing.
[Nemo] Bring the Gratan
back on board immediately.
[helmsman] Aye, aye.
-[Captian Nemo] First officer?
-Aye.
[Nemo] Keep
the furnace at full energy.
Make your escape
if I don't return.
Captain.
I must leave the ship
to attend to some rather
pressing business.
You're planning to rescue Nadia,
aren't you?
[Nemo] Forgive me.
[helmsman] Captain.
It's only natural for a father
to care for his daughter.
You have no reason to apologize.
[Electra] He's right.
But sir, I will accompany you.
[Jean] Captain.
[Electra] Oh, Jean.
[Jean] Huh? What's this?
-[Electra] That is your weapon.
-[Jean] But...
You are responsible for
defending your own life, Jean.
-Do you understand?
-[Jean] Yes.
[whirring]
[operator] The Nautilus
has deployed a small vessel.
-[Gargoyle] Bring it to me.
-[man 1] Understood.
[Gargoyle] Ask his majesty
and Princess Nadia
to join me in the throne room.
[man 2] Understood.
I shall reunite a father
with his long lost son.
[ship crashes]
[gasps]
I know you're in here, Gargoyle.
Show yourself to us.
[tense music playing]
[Gargoyle] It's
been a long time, Nemo.
Or should I say Eleusis La
Arwall, King of Old Tartessos.
Thirteen long years have passed
since we've been face to face.
An interesting choice of words
from one who hides
behind a mask.
Nemesis La Algolas,
Prime Minister of Old Tartessos.
[Gargoyle] What a lovely
whisper from the past.
I haven't heard that title
spoken in 13 years.
[Nemo] We've
thrown away the old customs.
[Gargoyle] So true.
We can't go back to those days.
[Nemo] Indeed.
Now, explain to me this
unorthodox greeting, Gargoyle.
[Gargoyle]
You shall be tried before God.
What's the meaning of that?
Well, you will stand
accused of your crimes
and be punished for them here.
[Nemo] You said before God.
Where is this God you speak of?
[Gargoyle] He stands before you.
It is I.
[Nemo] That's absurd.
Who shall speak for the defense?
[Gargoyle] You need no defense.
God sees through all defenses
and judges under his name.
Shall I bring forth
the witnesses? [finger snaps]
Huh? Miss Granva,
Hanson, Sanson.
Bring forth the executors
of the judgment. [finger snaps]
Nadia!
-Nadia?
-Impossible.
Damn you. You have taken away
her consciousness.
That's true. She had
no use of it any longer.
Let the trial
commence. Eleusis La Arwall,
you stand accused of
cohabitating with human beings,
though you were
the rightful King of Atlantis.
[Nemo] It is
the sensible course.
The ancient Atlanteans
gave life to man so that
he would serve them.
But that world belongs
to the humans now, Gargoyle.
It's not mine anymore.
[Gargoyle] That is false.
This world was and always will
be ours.
Men are defective
and cannot be trusted.
They wage war on each other in
a quest to destroy themselves.
They have brought their own
judgment upon themselves.
Their race has no future,
unless we reestablish
control over them.
You're wrong. That isn't true.
[Gargoyle] Which is precisely
why you stand accused
of believing in
such base creatures.
The new world has no use of weak
Atlanteans such as yourself.
-[gasp]
-[gun clicks]
[gunshot]
[grunts]
-[gunshot]
-Ah!
Captain!
Die!
[gunshots]
What a tiresome demonstration.
God cannot be killed.
Sorry to disappoint you.
[laughing]
[Nemo] Jean!
-Jean!
-Huh?
You must shoot
Nadia and Neo. Do it!
Hmm.
[Gargoyle] Ah. Our brave
little boy is with us again.
But is he brave
enough to kill his Nadia?
[tense music playing]
[singing in Japanese]